---
title: FAQS
permalink: /secondary-1-registration/faqs/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>FAQS</h2><p><strong>A: First Week of School</strong></p><p><strong><em>1. What is the assembly time and dismissal time for the Secondary 1 students?</em></strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>students should report report at the&nbsp;<strong>school concourse</strong>&nbsp;by 7.30am and they will be dismissed at 12.30 pm on Tuesday, 2 January.  </p></li><li><p>For Wednesday 3January to Friday 5 January, please refer to the Orientation schedule in <a href="/files/S1Parent23.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">link</a> .</p></li></ul><p><strong><em>2. What do the Secondary 1 students need to bring for the first week of school?</em></strong></p><p>The students are only required to bring their thermometer, water bottle, stationery, notebook and a story book.</p><p><strong><em>3. What is the attire for the first day of school?</em></strong></p><p>Students should come in their white shirt and school shorts/skirt on Tuesday, 3 January. For those who have not managed to purchase the school uniform, they can report to school on the first day in their Primary School Uniform.</p><p><strong><em>4.</em></strong>&nbsp;<strong><em>Is there parking in the school should I come and collect my purchases from the book shop?</em></strong></p><p>There is no parking available in the school. Please park at the nearest HDB carpark opposite the school if you are coming to collect your book/uniform purchases.</p><p><strong>B: Secondary One Registration</strong></p><p><strong><em>5. How does my child/ward register for Secondary One registration if I am not on board Parents Gateway (PG)?</em></strong></p><p>We will be disseminating messages to parents via PG from time to time hence we strongly encourage you to come on-board PG so that you may receive timely information from us. You can download the free Parents Gateway mobile app on your mobile phone (available on IOS and Android platforms only) and perform a simple one-time onboarding process.</p><p><strong><em>6. Does my child/ward need to register via e-registration or report in person if he/she intends to appeal for a transfer to another school?</em></strong></p><p>If you intend to appeal for a transfer, please submit your e-registration via this link and subsequently approach the school of your choice to request for a transfer.</p><p><strong><em>7. My child/ward has been posted to KCPSS, but would like to request for school transfer due to&nbsp;medical reasons, what should I do?</em></strong></p><p>If you would like to put in a request under this category, we will require you to come to the school on&nbsp;<strong>22 December&nbsp;between 8.30am to 12 noon</strong>&nbsp;to submit your appeal. Please bring along with you the relevant medical documents to support your appeal. If you are unable to do so, you can still submit your appeal and documents via email at&nbsp;<strong><em>kcpss@moe.edu.sg</em></strong>.</p><p><strong>C: Higher</strong>&nbsp;<strong>Mother Tongue / 3rd Language / Subject Based Banding (SBB) subjects</strong></p><p><strong><em>8. How do</em></strong>&nbsp;<strong><em>I appeal for Higher Mother Tongue/CSP/MSP/BI/3rd Language?</em></strong></p><p>Please kindly email the Head of Department/ Mother Tongue at&nbsp;<strong>genevieve_tan_hui_hong@schools.gov.sg</strong>&nbsp;by&nbsp;<strong>Friday, 29 December 2023.</strong>&nbsp;Please indicate your child's full name in your request.</p><p><strong>D: Full Subject Based Banding</strong></p><p><strong><em>9.</em></strong> <strong><em>How can the school ensure that students from different courses and backgrounds will be able to socialise well and accept one another?</em></strong>&nbsp;</p><p>The school will strengthen our caring and supportive culture from the start of the school year to build bonds between the students and the teachers.&nbsp;</p><p>Opportunities for authentic interaction among students, such as weekly form teacher interaction with students and cohort activities e.g. cohort camp, inter-class games, will be created to widen their social circle and forge new friendships, and peer student leaders will also be appointed to look out for their classmates. &nbsp;</p><p><strong><em>10.</em></strong> <strong><em>What if my child/ward did not obtain AL5 for the subject, can I appeal to take subjects at more demanding level?</em></strong>&nbsp;</p><p>For students who did not meet the eligibility criteria to take subjects at a more demanding level&nbsp;at the start of Secondary One, please note that they can still be considered for this move if they do well in their learning in Secondary One. &nbsp;</p><p><strong><em>11.</em></strong> <strong><em>If my child/ward cannot cope, can he/she drop the subject to a less demanding level?</em></strong>&nbsp;</p><p>Students (with their parents/guardians’ consent) can make the final decision to continue or drop any&nbsp;subject(s) to a less demanding level. However, students are strongly encouraged to give themselves ample time to adjust to the demands of the higher-level subject(s) before making any decision to drop. Parents/guardian should speak to their child/ward’s Subject Teachers, Form Teacher, Year Head, and/or School Leaders to find out more about their child/ward’s academic progress and potential before finalising their decision.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>12. What is the benefit of students taking subjects at a more demanding level?</strong> &nbsp;</p><p>Taking on subjects at a more demanding level can provide students with a greater academic challenge. This allows students to build a stronger foundation in subjects that they are good at, nurture their strengths and give them more opportunities throughout their educational journey, so that they are more engaged in learning.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>E: School Support Structure</strong></p><p><strong><em>13. Who can I contact regarding support for students with Special Educational Needs (SEN) or counselling?</em></strong>&nbsp;</p><p>For support related to SEN, you may contact our SEN Officer, Ms Angelia Ng at <a href="mailto:joey_hong@schools.gov.sg%E2%80%AF%E2%80%AF" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">ng_sian_erh_angelia@schools.gov.sg</a> &nbsp;</p><p>For support related to counselling, you may contact our Senior School Counsellor, Mr Joey Hong at <a href="mailto:joey_hong@schools.gov.sg%E2%80%AF%E2%80%AF" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>joey_hong@schools.gov.sg</u></a><a href="mailto:joey_hong@schools.gov.sg%E2%80%AF%E2%80%AF" class="Hyperlink SCXW260504061 BCX0" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank"><u>  </u></a>&nbsp;</p><p><strong><em>14. How can I apply for MOE Financial Assistance / School Based Financial Assistance?</em></strong>&nbsp;</p><p>All students who qualify for financial assistance will need to reapply for 2024. Please do so at our General Office during office hours (Mon to Fri, 8am to 5pm). You can download the form <strong><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/-/media/932c5159d07c4a128d30374925806a6a.ashx" class="Hyperlink SCXW260504061 BCX0" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank"><u>here</u></a></strong>.&nbsp;</p><p><strong><em>15. Will my child/ward be issued with a new School Smart Card when term starts?</em></strong>&nbsp;</p><p>Please be informed that all students entering Secondary One in Jan 2023 will be issued with a new Secondary level School Smart Card (SSC).  While Secondary One Students are waiting for their Secondary level SSCs to be ready,  they can continue to use their Primary level SSCs for concessionary travel till end Apr 2024. Students can still purchase the Bus Concession Pass (BCP) using their Primary level SSCs, but they would need to purchase the BCP for Secondary School students.&nbsp;</p><p></p><p><strong>F: School Support Structure</strong></p><p><strong><em>15. Who can I contact regarding support for students with Special Educational Needs (SEN) or counselling?</em></strong></p><p>For support related to SEN, you may contact our AED/LBS, Ms Angelia Ng at ng_sian_erh_angelia@schools.gov.sg</p><p>For support related to counselling, you may contact our School Counsellor, Mr Joey Hong at joey_hong@schools.gov.sg</p><p><strong><em>16. How can I apply for MOE Financial Assistance / School Based Financial Assistance?</em></strong></p><p>All students who qualify for financial assistance will need to reapply for 2021. Please do so at our General Office during office hours (Mon to Fri, 8am to 5pm). You can download the form&nbsp;<strong><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/-/media/932c5159d07c4a128d30374925806a6a.ashx" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a></strong>.</p><p><strong><em>17. Will my child/ward be issued with a new School Smart Card when term starts?</em></strong></p><p>Please be informed that all students entering Secondary One in Jan 2023 will be issued with a new Secondary level School Smart Card (SSC).&nbsp; While Secondary One Students are waiting for their Secondary level SSCs to be ready,&nbsp; they can continue to use their Primary level SSCs for concessionary travel till end Apr 2023. Students can still purchase the Bus Concession Pass (BCP) using their Primary level SSCs, but they would need to purchase the BCP for Secondary School students.</p><p><strong>F: School Attire</strong></p><p><strong><em>18. What kind of school shoe Students can wear?</em></strong></p><p>The school shoe should be&nbsp;<strong>white colour</strong>&nbsp;with white shoe laces. Sports shoes are allowed if they fit this criteria.</p>