---
title: Secondary One Registration (2024)
permalink: /secondary-1-registration/secondary-one-registration-2024/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Sec One Registration (2024)
variant: tiptap
---
<h2>Secondary One Registration (2024)</h2><p>Dear parents/guardian,</p><p>Welcome to Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Secondary School (KCPSS) and season greetings to you!</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="493" width="877" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6TpnJ8mKP_I"></iframe></div><p>We are excited to meet your child/ward on Tuesday, 2nd January 2024 and we would like to share with you some information on what is happening during the first week of school.</p><p>We will be sending you a message via Parents Gateway/email on Wednesday, 20 December 2023) for us to get to know you. Meanwhile, do feel free to visit our school’s social media platforms (Instagram: @kuo_chuan_presbyterian_sec, Facebook: http://facebook.com/kcpsshomepage) or “The Kuo Chuan Experience” if you would like to find out more about our school programme.</p><p>If you have not been posted to our school and would like to request for a school transfer, please click on this <strong><a href="https://go.gov.sg/kcps1schtransfer2024" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">link</a></strong> to complete the form online. Kindly remember to register with the school that your child/ward has been posted to.</p><p><strong>Orientation Programme</strong></p><p>To mark the start of your child/ward’s journey as a KCPian, they will be going through the Orientation programme to facilitate a smooth transition into secondary school life during the first week of school. Do watch this video as a prelude to the Orientation programme:</p><p>&lt;video under review&gt;</p><p><strong>Parent Engagement Session: Supporting Your Child in Secondary School (5th January 2024 (Friday))</strong></p><p>In KCPSS, we believe in the importance of journeying together with parents of KCPians over the next 4/5 years. As a start, our Principal, Mr. Justin Tan would like to connect with all of you through an in-person session. We cordially invite you for the Parent Engagement Session: Supporting Your Child in Secondary School that will be held on Friday, 5 January 2024, 7pm, in our school auditorium, where you will get to hear from our Principal. Please register with this <strong><a href="https://go.gov.sg/kcps12024parentengagement" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">link</a> </strong>if you are available to join us.</p><p></p><p><strong>Secondary 1 Outdoor Adventure and Leadership Camp (15-17 January 2024)&nbsp;</strong></p><p>There will be a cohort camp organised for our Secondary 1 students to help them discover more about themselves, develop personal leadership and grow in GRACE, and strengthen bonds within the cohort as they interact with their peers through various outdoor activities.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>More details of the Sec 1 camp will be sent out via PG. Kindly give your consent for your child/ward’s participation through PG by <strong>Mon 8 January 2024</strong>.&nbsp;&nbsp;</p><p></p><p>In addition, to allow you to have a better understanding of the Secondary 1 OAL Camp, we have organised a Parents Engagement Session that will be taking place via Zoom. The webinar will be held on <strong>Mon 8 January 2024, from 6pm-7pm.</strong> Please register your attendance by <strong>Fri 5 January 2024</strong> using the following link: <strong><a href="https://moe-singapore.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_Iuzq7xhHQa-LE4gFYd2YMQ" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Register Here</a></strong></p><p>For more essential information click <strong><a href="https://kuochuanpresbyteriansec.moe.edu.sg/secondary-1-registration/sec-one-registration-2024/essential-information/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">HERE</a></strong></p>